Add few clarifications to our security policy (#32439)
mistercrunch/Airflow: .github/SECURITY.md

around its features. If you have any concern around Airflow Security or believe
you have uncovered a vulnerability, we suggest that you get in touch via the
e-mail address [security@airflow.apache.org](mailto:security@airflow.apache.org).

> **Only** use the security contacts to report undisclosed security vulnerabilities in Apache
> Airflow and manage the process of fixing such vulnerabilities. We cannot accept regular
> bug reports or other security-related queries at these addresses. We will ignore mail
> sent to this address that does not relate to an undisclosed security problem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Only** use the security e-mail address to report undisclosed security vulnerabilities in Apache
Airflow and to manage the process of fixing such vulnerabilities. We do not accept regular
bug reports or other security-related queries at this address. We will ignore mail
sent to this address that does not relate to an undisclosed security problem
```

in the Apache Airflow project. Please follow regular communication channels described in
the [Airflow Community](https://airflow.apache.org/community/index.html) page for
inquiries, questions and other discussions related to the process or issues.

> Specifically, we will ignore results of security scans that contain list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, we will ignore results of security scans that contain a list of
```

dependencies of Airflow with dependencies in Airflow Docker reference image - there
is a page that describes how the
[Airflow reference Image is fixed at release time](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/docker-stack/index.html#fixing-images-at-release-time)

> and providing helpful instructions explaining general instruction on how you can build your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and providing helpful instructions explaining how you can build your
```

own image and manage dependencies of Airflow in your own image.

> **Please send one plain-text email for each vulnerability you are reporting including explanation

Reviewer: What's the background on why we demand this? I have found it very helpful when images or detailed documents have been included with the report.

Author: This is straight copy from the ASF rules. While useful to have them (and we do not reject them if accompanied by text description), having videos or images is not something that is easy copy-pasteable and reproducible. For example if you have a POST request with some details, it's rather hard to try to reproduce it based on the video, if you need to copy&paste the post.

> **Please send one plain-text email for each vulnerability you are reporting including explanation
> how it affects airflow security. We may ask you to resubmit your report if you send it as an image,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please send one plain-text email for each vulnerability you are reporting including an explanation
of how it affects Airflow security. We may ask that you resubmit your report if you send it as an image,
```

> movie, HTML, or PDF attachment  when you could as easily describe it with plain text.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
movie, HTML, or PDF attachment when you could as easily describe it with plain text.**
```

> movie, HTML, or PDF attachment  when you could as easily describe it with plain text.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please send one plain-text email for each vulnerability you are reporting including explanation
how it affects airflow security. We may ask you to resubmit your report if you send it as an image,
movie, HTML, or PDF attachment  when you could as easily describe it with plain text.
```

I don't think we should bold this whole paragraph.

Author: yea. Let's see how many of those "10 security issues from the scanner" we get :). But yes - no problem with not-bolding.

> **Please send one plain-text email for each vulnerability you are reporting including an explanation
> of how it affects Airflow security. We may ask that you resubmit your report if you send it as an image,
> movie, HTML, or PDF attachment when you could as easily describe it with plain text.**

Author: ```suggestion
Please send one plain-text email for each vulnerability you are reporting including an explanation
of how it affects Airflow security. We may ask that you resubmit your report if you send it as an image,
movie, HTML, or PDF attachment when you could as easily describe it with plain text.
```

> ~~movie, HTML, or PDF attachment  when you could as easily describe it with plain text.**~~

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
movie, HTML, or PDF attachment  when you could as easily describe it with plain text.**
```

Suggesting to remove the ~~, but unsure if it was put their intentionally and what it means for Markdown.

apply to Airflow, or have a different severity than some generic scoring systems (for example `CVSS`)
calculation suggests.

> The security team will get back to you after assessing the report (see below [Handling security issues in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/security#handling-security-issues-in-airflow)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [Airflow Security Team](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.rst#security-team) will get back to you after assessing the report.
```

After #32496, let's do this instead.

apply to Airflow, or have a different severity than some generic scoring systems (for example `CVSS`)
calculation suggests.

> The security team (see below "Handling security issues in Airflow") will get back to

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The security team (see below [Handling security issues in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/security#handling-security-issues-in-airflow)) will get back to
```

Reviewer 4: perhaps this may work too? (if we would like to consider :) )

> The security team (see below [Handling security issues in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/security#handling-security-issues-in-airflow)) will get back to
> you after assessing the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security team will get back to you after assessing the report (see below [Handling security issues in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/security#handling-security-issues-in-airflow)).
```
